SEO OVERVIEW
Search Engine Optimization (SEO) is about optimizing how your site ranks in search engine result pages (SERPs) organically, a higher rank will increase visibility and relevant traffic to your website. There is a wide range of techniques and strategies that improve a website's relevance and quality for search engines like Google and Yahoo. Important aspects for SEO are keyword research, optimizing title tags, meta descriptions and headings along with backlinking. It is also important to ensure your site structure and code are friendly for search engines. It is also wise to continuously watch and analyze in order to make adjustments off algorithm updates and changes in user behaviors. 

Specifics to ensuring a higher SEO score are vast but here are some examples. SEOs look for information in H1-H6 tags, with H1 as the most important, so to ensure minimal confusion for the SEO a website should only have one H1 tag. It is known that Google changes algorithms for SEO frequently. Do not try to outsmart search engines with ghost pages and hidden text which actually hurt your SEO score. Other helpful tools are key performance index (KPI) and heat maps. KPI measures if your company is getting the results you desire. And heat maps show where users focus the most on your site, which allows you to strategically place information. When SEO is used properly your site will gain a lot of organic internet traffic, which tends to be clicked on more frequently than paid ads. Effective SEO aids websites in attracting more targeted visitors and helps to achieve business objectives. 

SEO PROPOSAL
To begin I would do some research on keywords and use Google Trends to figure out the main keywords users use when searching. I would make sure my H1 tag is being used to the fullest in order to drive relevant traffic. Each page would have clear and concise meta tags with title and meta descriptions using keywords for optimization. Once the site starts to gain traffic I would use heat maps to place important information in places users tend to focus on the page. All while continually monitoring through Google Analytics. Aiding me in making strategic decisions that influence site structure, improving user experience, and updating tags. Through these SEO methods I would continually utilize these tools and the gathered data in order to make adjustments that optimize search results. 